Fix a false positive for `RSpec/FactoryBot/ConsistentParenthesesStyle` when using `generate` with multiple arguments (#1482)
rubocop/rubocop-rspec: CHANGELOG.md

- Add new `RSpec/FactoryBot/FactoryNameStyle` cop. ([@ydah])
- Fix wrong autocorrection in `n_times` style on `RSpec/FactoryBot/CreateList`. ([@r7kamura])

> - Fix a false positive for `RSpec/FactoryBot/ConsistentParenthesesStyle` when using `generate` with not a one argument. ([@ydah])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a false positive for `RSpec/FactoryBot/ConsistentParenthesesStyle` when using `generate` with multiple arguments. ([@ydah])
```

Reviewer 2: It's "zero or more than one argument"

Reviewer: The code changes is only about multiple arguments. Perhaps 0 were already handled by the matcher. We even have an existing test `it 'ignores FactoryBot DSL methods without a first positional argument' do`

Author: Thank you so much. I updated it.
